*Celia:* It _is_ all about confidence.

The old switcharoo, when the mark's distracted. Emily.

Em knows it well.

Ems. Sami. Caroline.

That's why Celia's throat is slashed, her eyes staring blankly up into the sunset as blood gushes over her gauzy white dress. Just another disposable woman in grand cinematic tradition. 

Just another switcharoo. 

He looks up from his dead cousin, and a solid face of dessert rock meets the car's headlights.

"Ha... ha..." wheezes Gasper as he crashes off his bike. 

The car smashes into the rock at triple-digits-miles-per-hour. In grand cinematic tradition, the vehicle explodes in an enormous red-yellow-white conflagration that lights up the highway like an atomic bomb.

Em rolls to a literally dead stop on the highway, charred and smoking and burning, his blackened flesh baked to a crisp as smoke billows around him. The door to Chateau Devillers, the briefcase, the prison corridor is only feet away at the highway's end.

"I... win..." wheezes Gasper past the holes in his chest. He doesn't look much better as he crawls along the asphalt by his palms and knees. He's burned too, from the explosion, and bleeding from dozens of gunshot wounds.

He hauls himself tortuously towards the prize.

"You... lose..."

"Em..."

"I... win..."

He spares enough effort to kick his other half's corpus, despite the stab of pain that shoots up through his own bullet-riddled leg.

He wheezes another laugh, blood frothing from his charred lips.

"I... win..."

*GM:* _Only this round._ 

The goons are all dead. Em can't say for sure, but he feels safe presuming, given that all that's left of them is shredded bits of bone, gore, and viscera on their smashed-apart and blood-spattered motorbikes. The monster paces patiently down the highway, blood dripping from its uncountable claws, fang, and horns. It's night now, and the only illumination comes from the moon, stars, and the sports car's burning wreck, casting the monster's already nightmarish visage in an even more hellish glow. 

Gasper stares down the road at it, then gives a soul-deep, half-gurgled cry of boundless frustration and sheer terror. 

He won the battle.

But he lost the war. 

"Em..." he wheezes, "let's make... a deal..."

*GM:* The monster paces closer.

"I can... help you... see... won't fight you any... more..."

The monster paces closer.

"Won't... try to... seize control... I can... do a lot... for you..."

The monster paces closer.

"Partners... like we said... invisible friend in... your head..." 

The monster paces closer.

"Just... call... it... off..."

*Emmett:* Em stares. Up close, the beetle is even more terrible to look upon. Even more merciless and inescapable and vast. God forgot to name this thing, when all the other beasts were labeled, the tidier monsters defined. 

Forgot, or maybe did not dare to. 

How long has he dreamed about this moment, or one like it? His enemy begging for his mercy, for forgiveness. How often has he considered the perfect quip, the last parting sting?

But now, in this dream that is more than real, Em has no final rejoinder. Maybe that's the cruelest reply of all. Nothing. 

He's as silent as God, but at least Gasper knows he's watching. 

And he does watch.

*GM:* Up close, the thing doesn't look like a beetle at all. It doesn't look like any kind of animal. Just incarnate hate, hunger, and destruction. 

"It's not... on your side..." wheezes Gasper, still crying to crawl away. The monster draws ever closer. 

"You'll be... next..."

"The two of us ca..."

The thing pounces. Gasper's feet are the first to disappear inside its mouth. There's a grisly crunch and spray of blood. Gasper screams and writhes over the pavement, and the great jaws come down again with another crunch and wet tearing. Gasper's screams grow higher, then higher still as the monster's jaws descend again, as it gnaws off his legs bite by bite. There is no clean and quick devouring of either limb all at once.

The monster rips open Gasper's chest next and tears out his entrails, bite by bite. Blood gets everywhere. Gasper writhes and flails his arms, until the monster's teeth crunch down over his fingers. Then his palms, then his wrists, until it's gnawed off his arms and left him a gore-spattered torso with four stumps and a head whose mouth gapes open in ceaseless scream.

The nose and ears come next, then chunks of his cheeks. After that come the chunks of flesh nearest to the stumps. The monster takes its time. It eats Gasper whole, piece by piece, bone by bone, organ by organ, until all that's left is a head, a neck, and a heart. The stench is unspeakable. Red paints the highway asphalt. Em may wonder if it will ever come out. Gasper, either out of taunts and offers, never stops screaming.

Em's remind of the carp on the hook. Twisting, writhing, denied the peace and dignity of a swift death, suffering for his younger self's idle amusement.

*GM:* When the end finally comes, the monster's jaws open wide to swallow what's left of Gasper down its gullet. It doesn't pause to chew. Em's Shadow disappears into the literal belly of the beast, still clinging to life. Em can only imagine his darker twin will die a tortuously slow death being immersed in the monster's stomach acids, if he doesn't simply bleed out first. Either way, he will die in darkness and pain, and utterly alone. There's a last, barely audible scream from the monster's stomach, more like the whining of a dog than a proper scream. It goes on for several minutes.

Finally, silence reigns over the highway.

The fire from the burning car wreck has guttered out. Darkness reigns.

Up ahead, the prison corridor and the door at the end patiently await.

*Emmett:* He gets to his feet. It's a little ridiculous to watch, like seeing a drunk man stumble into his pants, but then again, there's nobody left to watch. Everybody's dead. 

Even him. 

The door's right there, only it's not a door, it's a briefcase, no, it's an electric chair -- whatever it is, this place won't wait for him forever. It won't do to idle. 

Still, he looks back at the thing that's apparently given up all interest in him as he approaches the door. 

"What are you?" he croaks out, hand on the knob.

*GM:* The door opens.

All Em sees at first is pitch darkness.

But, swimming through that darkness, like a half-remembered nightmare.

Poison eyes.

Poison-green eyes.

“How badly do you want..." the woman's voice warbles, "...to live, boy? How much will you… hurt for it?”

“Anything," wafts Em's voice from the gloom. "I’ll do anything to undo this. Please.”

Suddenly, Em is on the ground. The monster is on top of him, and the Poison-Eyed Lady is holding him down, anthrax dripping from her awful eyes. The monster rips open Em's chest with its claws, splitting him from throat to groin. The pain is indescribable.

The Poison-Eyed Lady grabs hold of the split flesh with both hands and pulls it wide open, splaying Em's insides to the night sky like a dissection rat on a lab table.

The monster dives inside.

It's bigger than he is. It shouldn't fit.

Em wildly looks up into the sky. The moon looks like the pure white light that awaited him at the end of his harrowings.

He felt a sense of calmness and peace as he ascended into that light, as his Shadow was silent, as all his dark and spiteful and hateful thoughts and memories were finally still. All was quiet. All was warm. All was right. He knew peace such as he never had before.

Then, with a feeling of ineffable sadness, the light dies.

The moon and stars are gone. Agony surges through Em's arteries as a fire roars within him. It's a thirst, terrible and burning, it's more thirsty than he's ever felt, it's an almost stabbing pain, like the monster is coiled inside his chest and madly clawing to get out, and it _does_ get out, some small part of it, as he feels two fangs surge from his mouth as he screams, and screams, and screams--

He's on a hard floor again, and he sees only red, tastes only red, smells only red, as the bliss hits him. It's drinking the finest champagne from a movie premier, it's making love to Cécilia and Sami together in the same bed, it's the rush of snorted cocaine, the drag of his first cigarette, and that's only some sense, some tiny, infinitesimal sense, of what it feels like to drink the liquid ecstasy coursing down his throat.

*Emmett:* After the night he's had, the unbroken adventure of his execution? 

He guzzles like a babe at the tit, and doesn't stop until it's dragged away. 

Then, and only then, does he look for poison eyes.

*GM:* They're right above him.

Staring down. 

Smiling their anthrax smile. 

"Ah, Mr. Delacroix!" exclaims Antoine Savoy's voice. "Welcome back. And welcome to your Requiem." 

The other vampire sounds like he's grinning. 

"We have a lot to talk about."